Updates wallet and address information. (#522)
filecoin-project/filecoin-docs: docs/get-started/lotus/send-and-receive-fil.md

---
title: 'Lotus: send and receive FIL'

> description: 'This guide will show you how to create and manage a Lotus wallet and how to use it to send some Filecoin to a different address. Each node can have one wallet, and each wallet can have multiple addresses.'

Author: ```suggestion
description: 'This guide will show you how to create and manage a Lotus wallet and how to use it to send some Filecoin to a different address. Each node can have multiple addresses.'
```

lotus wallet new bls
```

> This will create a new wallet and print its Filecoin address. You can distinguish mainnet from testnet addresses because they start with `f` for mainnet and `t` for testnets.

Author: ```suggestion
This will create a new address and print it. You can distinguish mainnet from testnet addresses because they start with `f` for mainnet and `t` for testnets.
```

::: warning

> Your wallet information is stored in the `~/.lotus/keystore` (or `$LOTUS_PATH/keystore`). Removing these folders will also remove the keys, and you will lose control of any funds in those wallets. We recommend [backing up your wallets](#exporting-and-importing-a-wallet) as soon as they have been created or using a [hardware wallet](ledger.md).

Author: ```suggestion
The information for the addresses in your wallet is stored in the `~/.lotus/keystore` (or `$LOTUS_PATH/keystore`). Removing these folders will also remove the keys, and you will lose control of any funds in those wallets. We recommend [backing up your wallets](#exporting-and-importing-a-wallet) as soon as they have been created or using a [hardware wallet](ledger.md).
```

lotus send --help
```

Every transaction that sends `FIL` pays an additional fee based on its _gas_ usage. Gas and fees are explained in the [How Filecoin Works guide](../../about-filecoin/how-filecoin-works.md). By default, Lotus automatically sets all the necessary values. However, you may want to use the `--gas-feecap` flag in the `send` command to avoid surprises when network congestion is high. For more information about messages and fees, see the [Message Pool guide](../../mine/lotus/message-pool.md) and [Gas fees](../../about-filecoin/how-filecoin-works/#gas-fees) sections.

> ## Exporting and importing a wallet

Author: ```suggestion
## Exporting and importing addresses
```

::: warning

> Keep your private keys safe! Do not share them with anyone! Store them in a secure location!

Author: ```suggestion
Keep your addresses' private keys safe! Do not share them with anyone! Store them in a secure location!
```

:::

> You can export and re-import a wallet, including a different Lotus node. Use `wallet export` to export a wallet from a node:

Author: ```suggestion
You can export and re-import a wallet, including a different Lotus node. Use `wallet export` to export an address from a node:
```

```bash
lotus wallet export <address> > wallet.private
```

> Use `wallet import` to import a wallet into a node:

Author: ```suggestion
Use `wallet import` to import an address into a node:
```
